Daniel Radding (cs61bl-ns) and Yangzi He (cs61bl-nc)

1. We chose to use a linear collection of connectors with an ArrayList for the connector objects, and an array for the colors of the corresponding connectors. Our reasoning was it's much easier to use an arraylist and add the connectors as they were drawn during the game. Also, the iterator methods would be very simple to write because ArrayLists already implement the iterable<E> interface. In comparison, with an ordered array or a two dimensional array, all the connectors be initialized, but not necessarily in order because the player/computer won't necessarily play in the order that the array arranges the connector objects. Thus, it would take extra time for Board.java to find extra which cell inside the array should be modified. 

The arraylist added connector objects in the order that the player or the computer chose to fill them in. The color array was initialized with 15 elements, and all were filled with Color.WHITE to begin. As connectors were added, each element was changed to either Color.RED or Color.BLUE. We kept a separate array for colors because being able to sort Connectors by color speeds up many methods, specifically formsTriangle.

We considered generating all possible points when the program begins but we decided it was more trouble than it was worth. Because there are only 15 possible moves it's very quick to search the list. While a two dimensional array sorted by endpoints would have been interesting, it seemed unnecessary due to available getter methods in the Connector class. Also, our idea of implementing a two dimensional array made it such that the inner arrays would be of different lengths, which made it more complicated to write methods for.

2. The clever tactic that our program uses is that not only does it check for when the computer would make a losing move, or when the player would take a losing move, it also tries to eliminate as many possible free or non-losing moves for the player. This idea is implemented by the methods `twoMixedColors` and `hasDiffColorConnector`. If it detects two adjacent connectors of different colors, the choice method returns the third connector such that it forms a triangle with the previous two connectors. This is because if the adjacent connectors are different colors, then the third connector that forms the triangle is guaranteed as a non-losing move. This improves the play of the game because rather than filling in random connectors and possibly making more losing moves for itself (two adjacent blue connectors), the computer takes an aggressive approach and tries to take away as many options as possible for the player such that the player is forced into a tight corner. In short, it makes our game much more challenging. 

3. We began the project by reading the instructions thoroughly. We decided to write the toConnector method first because it's so critical to being able to provide inputs for the game. We then wrote ConnectorTest.java and tested toConnector among other methods for as many illegal and legal inputs that we could think of. From there we tackled Board.java. Before writing any code for Board.java, we brainstormed different implementations of connectors, including arraylists, two dimensional arrays, and multiple one dimensional arrays and tried to find the implementation such that the rest of the project would be easier and simpler to code. Afterwards, we split up Board.java and wrote half of the methods each. We came up with a really simple choice method at first because we just wanted to make sure that everything worked and that we could play our game without any bugs. 

Then, once we made sure that all the methods were working correctly, we started drawing as many hexagons as we could on paper in order to figure out a good strategy for the computer. One idea was to look at each connector individually and see how many of the 20 triangles that can be formed contained that specific connector. If certain connectors were a part of less triangles, then those connectors would be prioritized by the computer. However, we discovered that each connector was a part of 4 triangles, so we scrapped that idea. That's when we came up with our current clever tactic. 

4. Daniel Radding:
I wrote the toConnector (and the JUnit tests for it), and half the methods for Board.java including add and formsTriangle. I also wrote a very primitive choice method that we used initially for testing gameplay but it was not the one we submitted. 

5. Yangzi He: I wrote several methods in Board, including the iterators, choice, and the isOK method. I also wrote BoardTest.java and implemented our clever tactic, which included two additional private methods besides choice.